appsec: go setup fixes (#19609)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/enabling/compatibility/go.md

### Supported Go versions

The Datadog Go Tracing library is open source. View the [GitHub repository][2] for more information.

The Datadog Go Tracing Library has a [version support policy][3] defined for Go versions. The two latest releases of Go are fully supported, while the third newest release is considered in [maintenance][4]. Older versions may function, but no support is provided by default. For special requests, [contact support][5]. 

You must be running Datadog Agent v5.21.1+

Starting from tracer version 1.53.0, ASM does not require [CGO][15].

## Integrations

The Go tracer includes support for the following frameworks, data stores and libraries.

> The Go packages listed in this page are those especially interesting for ASM. You can also find more tracing intergrations in [APM's tracing compatibility page][16].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Go packages listed in this page are relevant for ASM. You can also find more tracing integrations in [APM's tracing compatibility page][16].
```

**Note**: The [Go integrations documentation][6] provides a detailed overview of the supported packages and their APIs, along with usage examples.

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you don't see your library of choice listed, let us know! Fill out <a href="https://forms.gle/gHrxGQMEnAobukfn7">this short form to send details</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you don't see your library of choice listed, fill out <a href="https://forms.gle/gHrxGQMEnAobukfn7">this form to send details</a>.</div>
```
